Robert Rodriguez  0:21  
Yeah, Alec, Hey, what's happening? Worry, man, pretty good. Robert, how are you? I'm hanging in there. I'm glad it's Friday. I'll be quite honest with you, yeah, it's a Friday. Moving right along. No,

Dinkar Karumuri  2:15  
good morning.

Unknown Speaker  2:17  
Morning. Morning.

Dinkar Karumuri  2:18  
Dinkar Robert, what's what? What's with the face? I'm really hair growing. Oh, you hair growing. Yeah, the mustache. I've not seen mustache before.

Robert Rodriguez  2:33  
You know, this is called, uh, this is called the skipping a day of shaving. I guess I'm usually, I'm usually right on top of it, but sometimes I just, I don't get to it, and people are always surprised when they see it.

Dinkar Karumuri  2:52  
Yeah, I'm surprised. I'm like, that's a pretty good growth. If you skipped couple of days of sharing,

Speaker 1  2:59  
that's about two days. Two days, wow, yeah, I used to get trouble in the Army because they would think I hadn't shaved that morning when I was in basic training and I had, wow.

Dinkar Karumuri  3:19  
I know we have a call today. I'm looking forward to that. I am as well.

Speaker 2  3:23  
Yeah, a lot of people, are you? Are you in the Illinois? Are you in Chicago?

Speaker 3  3:32  
I'm in Chicago. Yeah, you're getting some of that weather tonight.

Dinkar Karumuri  3:37  
I think so I think they're going to get it's beautiful now, but I think it's just calm before the storm.

Speaker 3  3:43  
Yeah, let's say tornado warning. So please have a plan.

Dinkar Karumuri  3:47  
Yeah? Well, we don't get tornadoes in our area, but yeah, we should have a plan. Never know, never know. Alec, are you from Chicago, yeah,

Alec Granderson  4:00  
yeah, yeah. I'm in the western suburbs. I'm right, right in in Westchester.

Dinkar Karumuri  4:07  
Oh, you're in Westchester, so you're not too far from the office,

Unknown Speaker  4:11  
right, right?

Dinkar Karumuri  4:12  
You should, you should make it a point to come to the office. You know, we generally have it is like, you know, Christian comes in Wednesday and Thursday, or Tuesday and Wednesday. I come in most of the time, so we'd love to see you in the office. Yeah, this guys come by and you can, you can do your day's work. And if you need private time that there are tubes and offices so you can use it, would be good to see, you know, put faces to the names and three, three webinars, right? I mean, I can do that. Hey. Krishna, how are you?

Krishna Mekala  4:57  
I'm good. Dinkar, how are you very good. Yeah, Jeff. Jeff is on a different call, so he should be joining here. I think that's wonderful. Do

Robert Rodriguez  5:53  
the thing is, Jeff's probably leading that call without Romy there or participating at a high level. Do you want me to ping him and see if he can drop out, or we should just record and proceed without him right now, I know he's reviewed the document. He talked about it this morning.

Dinkar Karumuri  6:13  
Yeah, ping him and ask him, because I know I don't see Vinay also joining the team unless how many other people are expected. On this call? Is it our regular? Is it our regular? It's not the regular nine o'clock, eight o'clock call, right?

Robert Rodriguez  6:31  
So Matt and Krishna and Jeff all the choir and then Vinay actually never responded, and that's really but the purpose was to review that document, that governance document, and then provide comments. So I mean, Vinay did the work, and he needs our review is everybody got the document right? I have it open now. Let me check with Jeff and see where he is. Then Carl be right back again. No problem.

Dinkar Karumuri  7:32  
How is AI over? Krishna,

Krishna Mekala  7:37  
yeah, I'm in Illinois. I Dinkar, but yeah, just Yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, we have like, you know, divided by Mississippi, back and forth. So, yeah, yeah, things are going well, good, good, awesome,

Dinkar Karumuri  7:55  
awesome. How is the intact team?

Speaker 4  8:00  
Right? No, I'm shared services. Shared Services, okay, got it, yeah, Jeff's organization, right? So who is in charge? Reena. Reina is in charge of intact. Reena is intact, yes, okay, got it, yeah, she's a scrum lead,

Dinkar Karumuri  8:18  
yeah, oh, you're part of the Jeff's organization, right?

Krishna Mekala  8:20  
I forgot. Yeah, shared services, basically. Sharad myself, Jeff, I haven't

Dinkar Karumuri  8:29  
seen you guys lately after the holiday party. I think that's it, right. Did you guys come to the holiday party?

Unknown Speaker  8:36  
I was there. Was not there, but yeah, I was

Dinkar Karumuri  8:40  
there, yeah, I don't remember Sharad coming, yeah.

Krishna Mekala  8:47  
So are you coming to Pierre by any chance next week?

Dinkar Karumuri  8:51  
I am. I am actually definitely just going to ask, you know, I'm to ask Romy and Rob to help kind of schedule something like, and I'll be there for two nights, Monday, Monday night and Tuesday night, then I leave Wednesday morning. So I want to see if Rob and Romi can work on something to schedule at least, at least, I don't know how many people, but like, you know, we had figured out how to how to do it, but I would like to definitely love to meet everybody and maybe do a social So, but I'm not really sure how this pi things work, like, you know, because of the schedules and everything like that, and we also will have clients, so, you know, We just have to figure that out. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Krishna Mekala  9:59  
I would maybe we need to. I think this is Jeff's meeting right. Think we may have to have him reschedule.

Robert Rodriguez  10:21  
I apologize, Jeff and team, we talked about this this morning. We thought we had this covered, but it seems like that other meeting is getting pretty intense. I reached out, but I'm not getting through to those guys. They're they're pretty involved. I'm so sorry. We might have to reschedule this meeting.

Dinkar Karumuri  10:39  
Yeah, no problem. Robin, today, when we talk, I think let's talk about pi a little bit. Also okay to figure out, like, you know, what do we do? I'm coming on May 4, so I'll be there for fourth night and Monday night and Tuesday night. So let us see what we can do both nights. And you know how we can structure it?

Speaker 3  10:58  
Okay. Okay. Did you know Jim's not going to be there? I know you're probably coming anyhow. I just want to give you

Dinkar Karumuri  11:05  
I'm coming anyway. I'm coming anyway, because, you know, yeah, I'd love to see Jim, but that's okay. I'm Dave. Naka is going to be there, and everybody else is going to be there. So, oh,

Speaker 3  11:15  
I think Jeff just joined. He did. Yeah, hi.

Dinkar Karumuri  11:19  
I don't know why Vinay has not joined, though, let me, let me call him now. Okay, I hope I invited him.

Unknown Speaker  11:30  
He's on the invite. Okay, good.

Robert Rodriguez  11:37  
Did that meeting? I pinged John in that other meeting to try and get ahold of you guys, but it was in some pretty some pretty heavy stuff, so I figured you were right in the middle of it.

Jeffrey Lobo  11:46  
Yeah, I was in a different I was in a facilities deep dive about whether it be a core component or not, right? I think that was in that meeting, not I didn't. I couldn't I pinged Julian told her that I couldn't make a program meeting.

Unknown Speaker  12:00  
That's why I couldn't find you. That's why I pinged John. I was like, Where's Jeff?

Jeffrey Lobo  12:06  
I had to pick the value one.

Robert Rodriguez  12:11  
So we're third on the list. Everyone who's counting. Did you get that? Oh, I'm here.

Unknown Speaker  12:22  
So sorry, Vinda is joining Great. What was that? Krishna, I was saying customer always first, right?

Jeffrey Lobo  12:39  
I guess what I did send is, I think we should make sure you use the template. So I send the DCFS template to Vinay. So I think that's something that and I think the question would be, Dinkar, we should be using DCF templates, not Krasin template for these things, right?

Dinkar Karumuri  12:59  
Yeah, we can have a krassen Lobo on the side, or, you know, in DCFS template. Yeah, definitely, yes. So I

Jeffrey Lobo  13:05  
provided that to him,

Dinkar Karumuri  13:10  
but he was not aware of this meeting somehow. I don't know why, but his note taker has joined.

Jeffrey Lobo  13:17  
Oh, he Yeah, I said it. I guess one of them might let me just see what. Yeah, I sent it to his like vinay@lagiet.com

Vinay Lagisetty  13:31  
Yeah, yeah. So I, I was in the crescent account, so I did not see this.

Jeffrey Lobo  13:39  
Yeah, I think I sent it to the wrong Vinay on the crescent account. Vinay errabelli, I think that's probably why that happened. So I sent it to your your local account, but not the crescent one went to the wrong Vinay, no,

Vinay Lagisetty  13:52  
no, I didn't once I got the crash account that that was on my screen. I didn't see anything coming.

Dinkar Karumuri  14:00  
Okay, so we have 2020, more minutes, 18 more minutes before the meeting. And you know, Jeff, who is there in the other meeting, that's with there,

Jeffrey Lobo  14:13  
when today, there's no other meeting.

Dinkar Karumuri  14:14  
Today, I saw 11 o'clock meeting. Is it our internal meeting?

Jeffrey Lobo  14:18  
Oh, that's, that's the 11 o'clock is a ARB meeting, yeah, that surveys where we're basically getting approval for the ECM, ECM approach. I'm not in that meeting, right? No, that's an internal DCFS ERB architecture review board meeting.

Dinkar Karumuri  14:37  
Okay, I'm sorry, I've got my wires crossed. Okay? Do

Vinay Lagisetty  14:47  
review the document, right? The governance document? Yep, okay,

Jeffrey Lobo  14:58  
so just, I think I gave my couple of comments. I think there's a couple of changes that I sent you back my version. As I was editing, I added couple of things. One is just the terminology, pi six. It should be 26 dot 2.1, the other one was in the activities shouldn't like we've got code explanation, refactoring, documentation, configuration shouldn't code generation. We also be added where code generation is a pro code stuff that we're talking about,

Vinay Lagisetty  15:27  
yeah, we could add that, yeah, and I'm trying to open up your copy.

Jeffrey Lobo  15:37  
So I think there's a minimum so that those are the only small changes I couldn't get any further, but one question I had, right when you talk about metrics, should this document really have the metrics, or it should just refer to that we will be tracking metrics and and we will be reviewing those, etc. So there

Vinay Lagisetty  15:57  
are two things right. One, do it does not literally say we have to do metrics or anything, right? That policy doesn't cover it. But the NIST AI RMF framework does say you have to have a measure as a step as a part of the governance. So for the pilot, we don't have to declare it. That's one of the bigger points we need to discuss. But at some point we need to tell Dave, these are the metrics we're tracking right for today, we could say a We will be tracking metrics as agreed upon by end of the pilot or the design. We still are as you know. We still have to figure out what are the right metrics for the right team. That's a detailed, deeper discussion, and yesterday's call definitely gave us some hope on the we can definitely have some impacts in certain areas. So I think we need to do a little bit more research, and have to be careful which metrics have to be put in there. Again, we don't have to ACCORDING TO DO IT governance. But RMF does ask for a measure on which can be part of

Dinkar Karumuri  17:04  
a larger, I think, just just to kind of level, set it right. And Jeff, you add whatever you need, whatever you want to, but in order for the metrics, we don't have to worry about the DO IT policy and the metrics. Vinay, okay, so our metrics are independent of do it policy, do it policy? Just follow for whatever it's worth, and then for the metrics part of it, whatever Jim wants, and because Jim wants to measure that. And like, you know, you have given already those eight metrics that you wanted to measure, right? So let's just just go through those and make sure we agree. We have agreement we did

Vinay Lagisetty  17:38  
not put the metrics yet that is still we are researching with the teams, what are the right metrics to tack track for here?

Dinkar Karumuri  17:46  
Okay, that's no problem. But I think, I think, don't what I'm saying is you can remove the linkage between fluid policy and metrics.

Vinay Lagisetty  17:56  
So don't worry about that. Yeah, that doesn't have it. So what I could do is I could Jeff, I could just remove the NIST policy out there, out of that one, and refer it as, this is we're going to, I mean, completely decouplers from the NIST Right, right. The DO IT policy doesn't have any metrics. It's the NIST framework does suggest to have a measure step in there. So I'm going

Dinkar Karumuri  18:23  
to disconnect that. I understood that. But I think we also want to make sure, do we need to over complicate it? We don't, if policy doesn't ask for it, it just do based on the list. But like, we don't have to refer to NIST, in my opinion. Jeff, what do you think? Yeah, I agree.

Jeffrey Lobo  18:39  
I think it's probably good to have missed as part of it, but I think we look at, don't tightly couple. I guess in this governance document you can talk that we will have metrics, but I think what I just reread, what you have, which you just put in candidate families, and we will lock it in as part of our design. Maybe change that from baseline to design, but I think that's probably what you can confirm. But I think it's good to have that there, though, right? But I agree with ensuring our focus. We refer back to NIST, but don't have to do everything as per the book there, but look at delivering as per what's needed by the customer, really?

Vinay Lagisetty  19:16  
Yeah, yesterday, I was going through this policies, and I was like, Okay, I think we probably are over complicating for if they're not focusing on it. So I'm going to go and reduce this NIST requirements that would shrink the policy significantly and remove it from baseline to the design, because that's the point. We will agree on a good number of metrics of which we can, I mean, they just have to be two per role, which will be either eight or 10 of them, that's it. Or even, like one per role is also good enough, depending on the role itself. So, yeah, I can do that change. And the other two changes you, you said, are very minimal in nature. Minimal, yeah, yeah, very minimal in nature. I will remove. I'm obviously the phasing, I'm going to change. But do you see anything else, which is, like, blatantly standing out?

Jeffrey Lobo  20:10  
Condensed version of it? This is pretty comprehensive, I would say. But I think it, there's a lot of content, and I think that is it's, I think, in line with what you would want, I don't see any. I see pretty good what you've got. And I think it's formalizes a lot of things to say that, okay, we agreeing. This is how the pilot goes. If you're changing anything, capture it properly in a change. Register exactly, really, right? And if

Vinay Lagisetty  20:35  
we don't have the boundary set what we are doing tomorrow, they can ask come back and say, Hey, why are you not doing the compliance required, then the plans document itself is, like 18 to 19 pages. I just wrote it as like three lines here, just to cover the whole thing. What I'm also worried about it, let's say, if a Gartner or somebody comes in and say, Why are you not doing this? That's an even bigger problem, because now we are not referred anything. So if I don't know what he meant by Gartner coming and doing stuff, that's another question. Dinkar in the past, what did they do? If you are not worried about that part of it, like, like, we could get most of the document even shrimped out.

Jeffrey Lobo  21:15  
I think the key thing is, we do need an audit trail of how we are tracking and how we're measuring right? So I think what you've got as a minimal level is good, really, yeah,

Vinay Lagisetty  21:25  
if you think that not much of a red flags, this is something we can accomplish. I like, even with what we're doing, only thing the rich risk registry, usually I would have put in a copy of a registery like a template in here, so that that template lives on a shared account between Illinois gov, I mean, BDF, S and us and our program manager just updates the risk registry as the week happens. It's not like we start with the risk or something like that. We start with basic risk. But every week we are looking at certain things later we are slipping a deadline, or even the metrics are not tracking. Those are all the risks we talk in the meeting. This is just like a that 45 minute meeting which needs to have happen anyway. You guys are doing a meeting right now on a program level, so this would probably cover like a hey, let's open the risk registry. Are we doing good on the milestones or not? It's like a scope document, literally at this point. Yep. Do Okay. I will reduce the I will do the decoupling of the measure. I'm going to shift the measure to design, which I completely agree on, and should we lock in the roles at this point here in this one,

Jeffrey Lobo  22:38  
from my perspective, I think that's that's right. I think we pretty much have using those five rules, right? The only contentious one was the PMO BA, I don't know what, whether Romy had further discussions and what that agreement with you and Mr. But that's, that's the only one. But in our last meeting, we agreed that we stick with the testing services lead, really, yes,

Vinay Lagisetty  23:01  
and he gave us the freedom to do that, and during our calls, one thing is, based on our work yesterday, what we have done with the team, I think it's selecting PMO, the BA role also would not make a big difference. I would say, like, I mean, we will see improvement even there, if we teach them the right techniques, at least, based on what I saw, how row was generating the story points?

Jeffrey Lobo  23:27  
Yeah, absolutely,

Vinay Lagisetty  23:29  
yeah. Okay,

Jeffrey Lobo  23:30  
so just use it. Use the template I sent you. Okay, yes, I will

Vinay Lagisetty  23:35  
use the template. That will take me some time, but yeah, that that's, that's a pretty good template.

Dinkar Karumuri  23:44  
And Jeff, do we know? Like, understand, like I saw the task about the Gartner like, do you know, what are the expectations? Like, what are they going to do? Are they going to do a review?

Jeffrey Lobo  23:55  
Or, like, I was away when that meeting with Gartner could so I don't know exactly, but I think Jim does always like to go to track to get Gartner's views on on standards and views on these things right. So I don't know whether at some point he will want to assess, okay, did we do the right thing or what? But I don't know. We'll have to maybe talk to him further about what that expectation is. Does he need Gartner to oversee. Does the state need I don't know. I wasn't in that meeting, but we can check with Rami. He probably was in there. And Vinay, were you involved in that meeting? You came on board after probably no.

Vinay Lagisetty  24:33  
I think one of the meetings he did say that I would like Gartner to review something like that, to that effect, but nothing about what exactly Gartner's role would be, but he said he would like to have a conversation with them, or things like that, and typically, and they would go back and rely on the state policy, on the national level policy, and Try to that's the reason I bought in NIST, because that's irrefutable at that point, it just becomes like a gold standard. Yeah, and there are lot of ISO framework. Is there another? But Gartner doesn't use ISO that much as much as it does use the NIST. There are multiple AI frameworks at this point. They're like seven, if I can count, but this is the safest

Jeffrey Lobo  25:25  
which we can pick up. So I think one safe way to go about it is we say that we're referring back to this. But I guess based on Jim's timeline, we have to adjust it accordingly, right? So I think we have to take an approach to which to look at what we can achieve within that framework, really?

Vinay Lagisetty  25:43  
Yeah, and I'll quickly go over like in the number three, if you guys open it up to number three, or let me see if I can share my screen.

Jeffrey Lobo  25:51  
I've got it open if you want me to share.

Unknown Speaker  25:54  
Yeah, if you can.

Jeffrey Lobo  26:08  
Two, this is gone into

Vinay Lagisetty  26:12  
three is in the page one, yeah,

Jeffrey Lobo  26:14  
yeah, I'm just close. I'm just trying to maybe

Vinay Lagisetty  26:20  
I was thinking your screen was too big.

Jeffrey Lobo  26:23  
That's probably it.

Vinay Lagisetty  26:26  
Here we go. Yeah, yeah. Number three, I'm assuming this would be the pilots governance lead would be Dave, and it's the response, obviously, is Jim, and I don't know if who is acting as a security and privacy lead. I think there was one person in the yesterday's call, if he will be designated, or someone else will be designated. In the pilot,

Jeffrey Lobo  26:52  
we'll see what, what Dave provides, really, is input there.

Vinay Lagisetty  26:56  
Yeah, if you go to the number four, this is something. It's very basic. It's are we going to have a weekly cadence or a bi weekly cadence, which is fine, do it suggest weekly and incident response? That is something which is mandatory, if something we observe as a safety, which when we are entering into risk, and if it's critical, we are just informing them through an email saying that this is what happened, whatever. I don't expect that the probability of that occurring is very low in this project. Midpoint check in is just reviewing the I mean, this is something we would do anyway. It's just partly there. And where I will be changing is number five, the measure part of it, and I decouple it from list at this point. So let's see. Yeah number six. Do you guys have any questions on that? It's pretty

Jeffrey Lobo  27:59  
well, I think that's standard.

Vinay Lagisetty  28:00  
Yep, that's pretty standard. Like, yeah, on, yeah. This is the what we track. AI, this is to get us started, just get us thinking for the version I'm going to create today, I will remove this metrics, and I'll push it to finalizing after design. But again, this is something which our team should take in and say, Hey, are we okay with this? Metrics? Yeah, on risk registry standard, I have a template I can attach an Excel file or Word document. I'm okay with either, but I think the template you shared with me, I think I can just put it in the Word document, right? The that's fine, but I think

Jeffrey Lobo  28:50  
risk register, typically you would want an Excel, though, right? Typically, it's an Excel, yeah, so use Excel. That's fine.

Vinay Lagisetty  29:01  
And, yeah. One thing which stood out is this is, again, a gray area when we use prompts, the prompts have to be tracked. Is that a question we should ask Jim at this point or no?

Jeffrey Lobo  29:18  
So every prompt has to be tracked using

Vinay Lagisetty  29:22  
typically, that's the case in all the commercial deployments. And copilot does provide it, like Azure provides it, GitHub provides it. There's some configuration. We could just not bring up the topic at this point, but that's a little bit complicated to implement as well. So, but

Jeffrey Lobo  29:44  
when you're saying it's just logging of the prompts, or capturing

Vinay Lagisetty  29:51  
logging of the prompts, not the response logging of the prompts, the only reason is when you want to detect a p2 information getting clicked, there is no other way to do it

Jeffrey Lobo  30:02  
then, then we should do

Vinay Lagisetty  30:05  
it, right? Yeah, just there. I think that's a scope for another call, Jeff, I'm going to give you a call and you okay, what the impact? Not impact. How do we even get it done in this timeline, right? Is it something we're going to say, hey, we're going to research on it. That's what I'm thinking. Is that is

Jeffrey Lobo  30:27  
key, though. Then in the pilot, maybe we don't, right, if we, if we think it will take up time in the pilot, we can use it to see that we'll form up this aspect in the pilot so that when we roll out, we'll have it we'll have it done.

Vinay Lagisetty  30:39  
Yes, I think that's probably a better like way to put it, because in the pilot, we're just experimenting anyway, that's the point. So you said

Robert Rodriguez  30:48  
it automatically. All these tools already track all of that

Vinay Lagisetty  30:53  
they do. They they do. But it's needs to be configured. We need to know whether you guys have ability. They'll it's more an administration question at this point than us. And then how do you make sure this who is reviewing those prompts to a point, who is flying these prompts, which, which has a PTO information, and who is going to administer that particular piece of the puzzle? Right? There is an entire workflow we need to design on that.

Jeffrey Lobo  31:24  
Okay? So that might just be that we firm it up as part of this pilot really, right, not that we set it up before the pilot.

Vinay Lagisetty  31:33  
So, and that is something which is going to be a part of the governance process in the real life after the post pilot, there is another governance they need to put into so that is something. Are you monitoring your AI is a simple question that policy will have, right? What does the monitoring of aI mean? Is how the monitoring is implemented, reviewed and risks are flagged. So yeah,

yeah, that that I completely removed it from this document. That's why you don't see it there. And, yeah, that's pretty much it. Guys like, it's very pretty standard. Yeah, this is standard,

Jeffrey Lobo  32:19  
but I think very good. I think this is really quite good work. Yeah, looks great, Vinay,

Vinay Lagisetty  32:26  
so let me do those changes, and I will send out and I'll put it in the template. That's going to take a little bit more time, but other than that, I think we should be good back to send it by the end of the health send it for a quick review. Post that review, just shoot me an email, either tonight or Monday morning. We can send

Dinkar Karumuri  32:44  
it to the excellent Thank you, Vinay and also Jeff. Just wanted to give you a heads up that like Romi, we sent a email to Romy, and Romy gave it to Jim to provide the 30 day notice. I know Vinay has provided something today, today, but also just to make a note that Romi has provided a memo that Darren Turner drafted and that to be sent to Brandon Rago. So just you may want to follow up with Romi, can you please do that and see if they have already sent it or not. Yep, so Romy is off today, right? I know, I know, I know,

Jeffrey Lobo  33:25  
yeah, but I can so yeah, I'll follow up on that. Yep, no problem.

Dinkar Karumuri  33:30  
Thank you, Vinay, thanks. Great job.

Speaker 5  33:33  
Great job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys. Bye. Bye.

